hey youtube apocalypse down here and
today I'm reviewing my EDC fairy knife
which you know everyone else does it on
YouTube so here I go
this is that one be a real American tool
m16 13 zle k it's part of the Kit Carson
line of fighting Meadows tactical knives
account and this is one of the latest
designs little other facts other nice
which is like live handles it's a CF 38
steel and I believe it's got some
interesting features that the other ones
don't have instead of the standard
flipper it's kind of looks like a
scabbard type that also has dual
function as a seat belt cutter got the
other lock my reasons have you can carry
it tip down only in two positions left
thread it's kind of a nice break another
interesting feature of this knife and
when you flip it open it is better
smooth over ad-libs the knife is about 8
inches blade is can unicorn ur clothes
it's about 40 Clippers perfect size
compared to a cross knee and 20 mm with
the restorations which is an incredible
knife itself but its massive compared to
this one this is a nice little knife is
considered more an emergency rescue tool
lady this is my my vintage that can be
killed to razor-sharp it's got some very
aggressive surrett it'll wick and like I
said with the Jinping's it's got a
really nice pronouncement in the hands
it feels you know ready to do stuff
wish it was you can wear situations
where vest
but other than that though this has been
my favorite carry knife now it's
barring an obtrusive in the pocket and
it's opening not at all
so for your consideration of the YouTube
this would be an awesome s2k and this is
again the m16 13 really by
you